Cloud Computing Assignment

For this work, with the objective of showing possible improvements of the cloud for a business or company, I decided to adopt an example close to me, a company in the interior of Brazil where they carry out the process of making shoes manually, thus adding a unique value to each piece, having great opportunities for deploying cloud tools that can facilitate the internal processes of this company.
The chosen company was Torres shoes, this company is a family business where it passed from my father to my brother a few years ago thus maintaining the tradition within the family, this company is located in a tourist region in the south of Brazil where there are often hundreds of thousands of people visiting throughout the year due to its cold and atypical climate in Brazil as it is a tropical country. This company produces leather boots focused on the female audience, where it has more than 90% of its sales, using leather as a base and main raw material, thus becoming a differentiator for the product.
Currently the company does not have a cloud service, all processes are carried out internally by one person, where that person uses his own machine to carry out the projects and store them internally, the company also does not have its own website because it outsources this activity to another company where he ends up losing margin on his products because he needs to pass on the products to third parties at an attractive price.

Possible cloud improvements for this company.

For this company, it would be very feasible to hire a service like the Country platform as a service, where all data would be safe on a private server, thus avoiding loss of files or possible problems with loss of projects.
Another important point is that you don't need to buy new equipment for the company from time to time as all this is managed by the company that provides the cloud service. Creation of its own website, thus having more sales control and increasing the company's margins because today everything is passed on to another company where the server is managed, thus having a loss of profit because it is necessary to pass on the products for a lower price.

Benefits of using cloud for this company.

It would be agile when carrying out tasks such as uploading data, testing new tools, performing backups or restoring possible problems with the system.
Elasticity would help increase processing if necessary for possible peaks of users, for example, on the company's website if necessary, causing the server not to fall or pass a bad experience to the user.
Scalability would help, if necessary, to quickly increase the company's processing capacity and available resources, thus being able to lower the company's cost and not needing to buy new equipment and having a very long waiting time, everything being instantaneous.

Economy and security, economically speaking, a cloud service is very good because you don't need to update the machines in your company with new software and hardware because all the cloud service provides is security where today's cloud security systems are the most insurance in the world.

Conclusion.

This company urgently needs a public cloud service in a country where it would be more financially viable for the company, thus bringing more security and agility to internal processes, avoiding possible future problems, and still sinking the company to continue growing.
